subsys: allow to resume FOTA process (#104)
nrfconnect/ncs-zigbee: docs/lib/zigbee_fota.rst

For detailed steps about configuring the library in a Zigbee sample or application, see :ref:`ug_zigbee_configuring_components_ota`.

The ``CONFIG_ZIGBEE_FOTA_DOWNLOAD_RESUME`` Kconfig option is opt-in and disabled by default.

> When enabled, it selects ``CONFIG_DFU_MULTI_IMAGE_SAVE_PROGRESS``, ``CONFIG_DFU_TARGET_STREAM_SAVE_PROGRESS``, and ``CONFIG_SETTINGS``, and the Zigbee add-on automatically defaults a settings backend to ``y`` for the target SoC: ``CONFIG_NVS`` on non-RRAM SoCs and ``CONFIG_ZMS`` on RRAM SoCs.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
When enabled, it selects the following Kconfig options:

* ``CONFIG_DFU_MULTI_IMAGE_SAVE_PROGRESS``
* ``CONFIG_DFU_TARGET_STREAM_SAVE_PROGRESS``
* ``CONFIG_SETTINGS`` 

In addition, the Zigbee add-on automatically enables a settings backend based on the target SoC: ``CONFIG_NVS`` for non-RRAM SoCs and ``CONFIG_ZMS`` for RRAM SoCs.
```

For detailed steps about configuring the library in a Zigbee sample or application, see :ref:`ug_zigbee_configuring_components_ota`.

The ``CONFIG_ZIGBEE_FOTA_DOWNLOAD_RESUME`` Kconfig option is opt-in and disabled by default.
When enabled, it selects the following Kconfig options:
* ``CONFIG_DFU_MULTI_IMAGE_SAVE_PROGRESS``
* ``CONFIG_DFU_TARGET_STREAM_SAVE_PROGRESS``

> * ``CONFIG_SETTINGS`` 

Reviewer: needs extra lines to render correctly
```suggestion

* ``CONFIG_DFU_MULTI_IMAGE_SAVE_PROGRESS``
* ``CONFIG_DFU_TARGET_STREAM_SAVE_PROGRESS``
* ``CONFIG_SETTINGS``  

```
